Office Cube, Minneapolis 10:15 am Friday 09/25 
       Yesterday, I watched this video where Elon Musk was talking about a school he started for his kids.
There he explained his view on the current education system verses the kind of learning that is fast and effective.
It's a top-down approach where all the minor things are taken care of while unfolding the major stuff.
Our current education is a bottom-up approach. Here, all the minor stuff will be taught first assembling it to the major.
One cannot confidently say one is right and the other is wrong.
But, what I feel is learning in top-down approach is definitely fast and effective.
For example, in a bottom-up approach one has to go through all the concepts like language syntax, algorithms, databases, etc., 
and then open an IDE to write an app. In this case, it may take a lifetime to confidently open your IDE. This is because, it's a
sea of concepts available for us to master.
Whereas in a top-down approach, you first sit infront of IDE knowing nothing. Then you learn all the stuff that is necessary as 
you build. This is effective because you may not need a lot of stuff that is either outdated or irrelevant to your current project.
In other words, the bottom-up is a make or break approach. You either work really hard to master it and then make it. Or you give up.
But, in the second approach the worst thing that can happen is getting stuck on something and you give up.
By this time you not only knew some stuff but also able to walkthrough some portion of real time project development.

After working out at lifetime, I sat in the lobby watching Twins game while drinking the post-workout whey protein.
The game is so boring. I was thinking why do people watch such stuff ? And then why am I watching it ?
Then came the moment of truth. 
The single most important factor for doing stuff is the simplest thing that we overlook. "FUN"
We naturally go after the stuff that is fun. Next comes the necessity.
People watch sports, go to movies, take vacations, have parties just because there is fun associated with that stuff.
There is excitement. You give your maximum energy for the stuff that is exciting.
There is other side to it. Most people on earth don't recognize the other side or don't know there is more fun in giving than taking.
If by watching a game, you are taking fun out of it, just imagine what kind of fun you get by playing it and others watching you play.
I heard many succesful people when asked about their secret or mantra for their success.. they say "I love what I do". 
Sound cliche. But, that is a fact. 
There is a lot of fun stuff around you that can pull your energy onto them.
So, unless you have something that is more exciting or more fun to do, you end up giving your energy to the stuff come across.
What's the point ? Either way, you are having fun right !! Yes, but as I said earlier the fun you get by doing stuff where you 
are on the giving end is much more than what you experience by sitting in the receivers end.
This is the reason, why you should love what you do.
How ? You come up with an idea that is exciting to you. Wherever you are, whatever you are doing, that idea should pull all your energy onto it.
It should keep you working for hitting the point you aimed for. 
In such state, whatever you do will become noble and all the energy in the universe will support it in every way that is possible and unimaginable.

10:53 am

Why is a work started is half done ? Becuase unless you start it, it's easy for you to get distracted by hundreds of other funny things around you :)
