
As I see the news of Paris being attacked by terrorists, I feel like why we were not able to do anything about it.
First I thought of waging a war against these people and eradicating them completely forever.
Then a thought came to my mind. What if their children think of us as their enemies and wage a war ?
So, while we were thinking to end this, we are sowing seeds for it to grow.
Then, what might be the solution for this problem ?
Well, it's like if we have a cancer causing tumor in our body, chopping of the tumor won't help you in anyway
coz it will again come back in multitudes. War is just the same.
Like any disease that kills us is caused by certain habits of our own, terrorism is a cultural disease caused 
by the habit of social stratification or categorisation.
What is not in our hands is a solution that can magically stop people from doing this right now.
Becuase it has a long incubation that made it so strong and a mere realization from your end that it is not right is 
not going to help us in any way.

The idea of groupism longs back to thousands of years.
It must have grown in the same way how we connect us to this world. 
Starting from a family to a community to a state to a country to a planet.
Why is there a planet ? Because when man starts colonization of other planets, he starts identifying him with his planet.
And then he judges the people of earth saying " the people of earth are less cultured and polluted "and stuff like that 
forgetting he once came from it.
We are behaving the same way.
It's us who are causing this problem. 
We are accustomed to identify ourselves with groups. 
One say I am an Indian the other say I am American. When the Indian is in India, he will say I am a Tamilian or I am a Telugu.
When he is in his state, he will say he is a Reddy or he is a Kapu.
When he is in his community, he will say he is from the family of Gidde. 
God, these many names. Who is he really ? He is what he thinks he is.
But if you can zoom out to the maximum known factor, he is a human being representing the human culture.
His actions define what a human is. 
We might be evolved becuase of our brains or brains might have evolved with our actions. Or the both. We don't know.

If there's no idea of groupism, it becomes really hard for organizing and managing ourselves.
Things become easy and contollable if they are small. 
A person when identified with a group be it a family or a community or a country, he will play by the rules and rituals of the group.
These rituals become the culture it represents. If you are present but you don't act in accordance with a group, you are not cultured.
Even our work will directly benefit the group we are associated with.
Then pride comes into play and seeks for domination and suppression.
The problem is created when we start identifying with the group and try to dominate or suppress others.
It means that we forgot the broadest idea of who we are. 
We forgot that we are humans and we forgot we are not humanly cultured. 
We are denying human culture.

While embracing the idea of being in a group and doing the best you can possibly do the betterment of your group,
You have to treat others as equals. Your brothers and your sisters. 
Infact, you have to treat them better than you treat yourselves coz they are your guests. 
You show your culture through your action.
Only then it will stop.

It's because you forgot.
You forgot that you are human. So, you are acting out of human culture.
What you can do is to pledge that you are human. All fellow human beings, your family.
You tell yourself that you will advocate the same to your children.
The solution to this problem is changing our habits.
We may or maynot see the complete cure in our life time but we can prevent our kids from forgetting the fact that they 
are human and assure that we bring them up reminding them they are human while we work on our cure.


The idea of groupism is a wonderful tool for development.
When the world 

it is chiefly pride that prevents men from agreeing to one another in matters of faith.
A blind man will say I can't see the sun. An blind and ignorant will say the sun didnot exist.
We are neither blind nor ignorant.
It is pride that cause error.


Today, I want to share with you a story. 
This is the story of a planet called earth.
Earth is one of the nine planets revolving round the sun, which is one of the four trillion stars 
present in the milkyway galaxy. 
Like our solar system, each star can possibly have a planetory system. 
There are about 200 billion galaxies in the observable universe. We don't know if there are universes like our universe 
in the outer space.

We live for 60 - 80 years on an average. We still don't know who we are. Where we come from and where we go after we die.
The science around us is only capable of giving us the answers and applications to questions that came from observable nature.
Isn't it stupidity to identify yourself with a group ?



What is causing people to kill other people ?
Groupism - social stratification or categorization

Education and Economic inequality

How can we end terrorism ?
Why is war not the solution ?
If war is a solution to this problem, there shouldn't be multiple wars.
We have to embrace the idea of oneness. Only then, we see others as our brothers and sisters.


What can we do to help ?

***
On Friday 13/11, I read some news about a terrorist attack in Paris. 129 people were killed.
I felt really bad about it. That's a different feeling altogether. I read some more.
After two hours, I found myself having a nice dinner with my friend. The next day, had party.
The next time I will have the same feeling of sympathy is when I hear a similar kind of news in the future.
Yes, I am going to hear it again. 
(And the best part is I don't even have an inch of doubt in my mind that I can become a victim next time. I swear.)
I could have done something about it. But, I feel like I am very small to deal with it.
So, I leave it to the big heads.
But I know I could have atleast thought about it. After all, it's taking people's lives. 
What if I can sit for 10 mins and think if I can really do anything.
I won't. May be becuase Paris is not my country afterall.
But on 26/11, 2008 it happened in India. I did the same.
May be because Mumbai is not in my state in India.
I doubt if I will react in any way even if it is in my state.
It is being stupid of me to leave my duty of taking care of me and my family and to think about such stuff. 
I will react when it hits me or my family or atleast my community. 
Oh wait, may be not. Because I doubt if I will survive or I may not have any strength in me to fight in such situation.
But if it is for others, my answer is very clear. 
"Sorry. I simply cannot spare any time on this".
Because, //I long forgot that I belong to a family that is root of all communities or groups.
I long forgot that we all at one point of time in history lived as one race. One human race.
Then over the time, this human race has given birth to other small groups.

Why groups ?
Groupism (Social stratification or categorization) is a very good tool for development.
Socieites in the early days were divided to create better organizing capabilities. Small groups are easy to manage. 
But while we identified ourselves with our groups and worked for the betterment of them, 
we forgot or ignored the bigger picture. 

Slowly like a poison, this ignorance lead us to take pride in our possessions 
and this disease of pride made us forget our roots.
It is this pride that caused error. We soon thought we are different from one another. 

While we have to help the people in our communities and others when they are in need, 
we focussed on becoming more rich (rich in money) and defined it as success while in reality we are becoming poor in love.

This wonderful idea that our ancestors created helped us get rich in our possessions, and also made us poor in love.
We forgot that the real success is when you prosper together as a whole.

We 


Error in the form of suppression or feeling of domination.


And as the time passed by, like a frog in the well we developed a habit of thinking that we are superior to other frogs around. 
//First I became blind and said I can't see the Sun.
//Then I added ignorance to my blindness and said there is no Sun. 

May be someone have to take me to another planet and then I will come back to my senses and see what really I am.
Or maybe someone outside our earth who are more powerful than us has to wage a serious war against us and let us know that we are all one.
We are all one family. Human family living in one small home, the earth. 
(Earth is one small planet in billions (A billion is 1,000,000,000) of planetory systems, which are a part of billions of galaxies which is again a part of our universe.
And we don't even know if there are more universes outside. We only know about one universe.)



Until then, my brother will kill my another brother. And I will keep watching.
how stupid it is
to answer a question of who am I by saying I am my sirname, I am from 
answer to the question of Who am I ? 
I am a human in the basic sense.*/
To see that these are my innocent brothers and sisters who died.
They must have had same kind of aspirations and hopes about their future. 
They must have had same kind of families at home waiting for them.
They are killed.

***
Can war solve this problem ?
A person is diagnosed with cancer.
(For those who don't know about it, cancer causes abnormal cell growth.)
What he did is he chopped the tumor off. 
Unfortunately that is not the solution. Because the problem is not caused in a day.
It is caused by a long history of unconventional habit. 
So, there is no absolute cure but only prevention.
So, the tumor grows again.
Waging a war is just the same.
If we don't understand the cause of the problem, it is easy to think that a war can end this.
On the first hand, the cause of terrorism is divison, social stratification or categorization or groupism I call.
People forgetting others as their equivalents try to suppress people. 
These suppressed groups cannot afford education and health. They, when met with certain threshholds of hunger and poverty,
looking at the rich, they revolt. These suppressed groups when deprived of education, lose reason and they are just 
ignorant of what they are doing. 
War, to end the problem created by groupism is embracing the idea of groupism.
The result will be fatal. Because it creates the next generation of revenge seekers, today's kids.
If one realizes the problem is with groupism, he then have to embrace the idea of one-ness.
Groupism on the other hand is a very good tool for development.
Socieites in the early days were divided to create better organizing capabilities. 
Small groups are easy to manage. 
But while you identify yourself with a group and work for the betterment of it, you should not forget that 
this group is once a part of the biggrt human race, only a child of the mother group that is human.
Problems are created if pride comes into play.

***
So, what can I do ?
Remind yourself as a human being. 
Know that earth is just a small planet in billions of planetory systems, which are a part of billions of galaxies.
Earth is our home. 
Embrace the idea of equality.
And while trying to cure this disease, bring up the next generation with the idea of oneness.
#IAmHuan

1. I believe in this movement
2. I go a little forward and start something
    what if we have a platform where we can stay together as one group. One human group.
    Here, we will embrace the idea of oneness. While we help one another to cure the problems ( responding to calamities ), we work on preventive measures.
    First we focus on education to every child 
    Then, on meeting basic needs like food, clothing and sheleter. 
    If we can grow up as one human race, I truly believe we can get to see a much peaceful and rich world in the future.
    

You don't have to die for it. You just have to live for it. By which I mean 

May be it's not my country to make me feel sick about it. So, I was able to move on so quickly.
But on 26/11, it was in my country. Mumbai was attacked. 164 people were killed and I did the same.
May be it's because it's in a different state.
I have also witnessed 9/11 in Newyork USA, 3000 people killed.
And if I write the list of all terrorist attacks, or if you want to have a list, google.
Everytime I read about these things, I feel like doing something. 
Then after some time, I keep moving with my work.
May be it's too big a thing for us to atleast think if we can help the situation in any way.
So, we leave it for the big heads.
I must be kept on a different planet to make me realize that the poeple who were killed are my fellow human beings.
My brothers and my sisters. 

