
Imagine, this is your last day.
Today, you are going to die. You have only 24 hours in your hand. 
What matters ?
People. I would be nice to every possible being. 
I would talk to my parents and family, convey my gratitude.
I would talk to my friends and convey my gratitude.
Because looking back, even a small action of love people did has had the power to move me.
I will only think about the good things people did to me and can easily forgive them for anything bad.

What I don't do ?
I wont spend any of my time sleeping.
I wont spend time for facebook or browsing.
I wont entertain bad thoughts
I wont work for survival because there's no meaning now.
I will try to avoid any work that will negatively impact people or things around me while I am not here.
Success or failure are taken with a grain of salt as they are trivial infront of death.

What I will do ?
I will do what I love to do.
I will revise it once, how I lived. And will think how I would have lived ?
      As I am leaving now, it would have been great if I have left something for my people, my fellow human beings.
      One has to think broad here coz this is the one thing that makes huge difference.
      This is the reason for good. This is the reason for bad.
      It's the idea (my people)that gives birth to groups. 
      The idea of group has a benefit of management. coz it's hard to manage big things when compared to the small ones.
      But, this shouldn't impose aversion to environments outside. A narrow minded person will fall into the trap of identifying himself with his group.
      He/She must broaden their horizons to see that group if any is only categorical to the totality of human species.
      While doing the best one can do to his group, he shouldn't let others down. He should communicate, work with and do his best possible work to expand his impact
      towards others. 
      Think globally, work locally. 
      Your thoughts must always be in the broadest sense possible. Your action to the local.
      Just like we first meet survival, then save and move to creative space, we first work for group that we are in and quickly move to totality.
      But, if you are so much identified with your group in such a way that your thoughts are limited, your action becomes evil.

So, if what you are leaving behind is at the expense of other's happiness, it's pointless. It's neutral. You did nothing.
Groups are created for betterment but not for authority or supremacy of one over the other.

So, what should one leave or what will one leave ?
His work. He becomes his work after he's done. 
What did I become ?
What did I do ? What I should have done ?
Work. Do the best work possible.
Only this matters as you take your last breath. 

Helping yourself is helping your group. Helping your group is helping human species. Helping human species is helping life.

We start life with an inhale and finish with an exhale.
It's all in between one huge breath that we live.
Knowing how small one's life is, is the way to get better. Become a better human being.


Rabindranath Tagore ..
"We were born crying while people around us rejoice.
Let's live in a way that when we die rejoicing, people around us will cry."
