Living Room 11:16 pm 30th September 2015

In the lunch break, came home and watched this video on Hubble Telescope.

Our conceivable or observable Universe consists of around 200 billion galaxies.
Each galaxy can contain stars, stellar reminents, interstellar gas and dust.
Example of a star is Sun, the nearest to earth which forms our solar system. 
The solar system is a part of our milky way galaxy which itself contains around 400 billion stars.
The diameter of milky way galaxy is around 100,000 to 120,000 light years (1 light year is around 9 trillion kilometers)

My perspective of life completely changed after seeing all this. 
Who are we ? Are we alone ? How insignificant or significant earth can be ? 
May be, I don't even know what questions to ask at this point ?
What exactly is life ? Why is there a limit on the existence of a living being ?
Having seen the size of the universe, what questions one should have ? Where to go from here ?

If life is possible on earth, it can also be possible elsewhere.

Office Cube 11:34 am 1st October 2015

If the question is about life, may be the life on this universe can be very insignificant.
But, there is certainly a process that happened through millenia.
May be our conception about life is utterly wrong.
We see source of life as reproduction by considering the current living forms.
But, that leads us back to one common source where the life causing matter or the life itself is created.
So, what if this reproductive mechanism is a unified form at some point in time and is then divided into genders.

Before the big bang, this life causing things are at cellular level.
After the big bang, due to the enormous energy released, there might have been an expansion in these cellular forms just like the expansion of galaxies.
These expanded forms started to evolve when there is a condition that is supportive to their existence. Like sun for example.
So, what are these life causing forms at cellular level existing in space before the happening of big bang is the question.
Are we the expanded version of life inside atoms or other minute particles ?
We created this organ called brain as we evolve or we are in this way becuase we have brains ?
Why did other species didn't evolved in this way, but only human ?
Knowing answers for these questions will have profound impact on living beings on earth.
The possibilities are infinite when we decode the truths of nature. 
